---
id: tls-protect-downloading-a-keystore
title: "Downloading a keystore"
sidebar_label: "Downloading a keystore"
keywords:
  - Machine Identity Management
  - Certificate Manager SaaS
---

# Overview
 This guide will walk you through downloading a keystore programmatically. You also have the option of doing this [via the UI](https://docs.venafi.cloud/vaas/certificates/downloading-certificates-and-keystores). Downloading a keystore involves the exchange of passphrases and private keys with a VSatellite. For greater security, CyberArk Certificate Manager - SaaS is designed to prevent exposure of sensitive data in the cloud by leveraging the NaCl libsodium library and its SealedBox component. 

Since multiple steps and a third-party library are involved in requesting a certificate using Automated Secure Keypair (ASK) and downloading a keystore, it is easiest to illustrate using a code sample. 

At the end of this walkthrough, you will:
1. **Create a certificate** - Create a certificate using ASK. 
2. **Get the DEK hash** - Use the`id` in the response to call the 'certificates\{id\}' function and get the data encryption key (DEK) hash.
2. **Get the public key hash** - Call the `edgeencryptionkeys/{DEK}` function to get the public `key` hash. 
3. **Encrypt the passphrase** - Use the DEK hash, password, and a nonce to encrypt the passphrase. Encryption is via a NaCl/libsodium library.
4. **Download the keystore** - Call the `keystore` function to download the keystore as a zip file.


> 📘 Note
> Keystore download is available only when the key pair was generated by Venafi.

## Before you begin
To start the sample with the necessary data, execute these preliminary function calls.

1. If you have not already done so, obtain an [API key](https://docs.cyberark.com/mis-saas/CSH_get_api_key/).

2. Get and save the application identifier of a [Application](/api-endpoints/saas/applications-get-all). The value is also known as the Application `id`. For example:

```
{
   "applications": [
      {
         "id": "785a6260-28f5-11eb-804b-6769144073a1",
         ...
```
3. Get and save the identifier of a Certificate Issuing Template (CIT). The value is also known as the Certificate Issuing Template `id`. By executing these APIs you will obtain the values required for the customer script we've supplied. Below, you'll find the individual values you need to retrieve:

```
API GET https://api.venafi.cloud/v1/certificateissuingtemplates
tppl-api-key: XXXXXXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXXXXXXXXXX
```
You will recieve a response similar to the below. Copy the template ID.

```
{
    "certificateIssuingTemplates": [
        {
            "id": "7f3ff940-bcdf-11eb-9af9-c947417e28d0",
            "companyId": "11447611-28f5-11eb-b879-87373a818312",
            "certificateAuthority": "BUILTIN",
            "name": "Example CIT",
            "certificateAuthorityAccountId": "11a0c6e0-28f5-11eb-999a-4d91b3bd6de9",
            "certificateAuthorityProductOptionId": "11a0c6e1-28f5-11eb-999a-4d91b3bd6de9",
            "product": {
                "certificateAuthority": "BUILTIN",
                "productName": "Default Product",
                "validityPeriod": "P90D"
                
```

## Step 1: Executing a sample in an IDE

Choose a language from the below and open the sample in an IDE. Paste the values from the prior steps and run.

### Python
To install NaCl, open a command prompt and type `pip install pynacl`.

1. Type, `pip install six`.
2. If you're using Python 3.x, replace `import six.moves.urllib.parse as urlparse` and use `import urllib.parse` instead.
3. [Download the Python sample](https://devhub-assets.venafi.cloud/tls-protect-cloud/keystore/vaasKeystoreDownload.py).
4. Set your environment variables based on parameters in the `# VaaS credentials` section.
5. Run the sample.

### Go
The NaCl library is already present in the Go environment. No installation is necessary.

1. [Download the Go sample](https://devhub-assets.venafi.cloud/tls-protect-cloud/keystore/vaasKeystoreDownload.go).
2. Use a line editor. If necessary, set constants in the `Const` declaration.
3. Run the sample.

### Java
1. [Download the Java sample](https://devhub-assets.venafi.cloud/tls-protect-cloud/keystore/vaasKeystoreDownload.java).
2. Customize the script using a line editor:
   - Follow the script instructions about installing import libraries.
   - If necessary, set the `private static final string` values.
3. Run the sample.

## Step 2: Validate success

If the above execution does not work, you will get an error. If it does succeed, you will see various success messages dependent on your language:

- **Go** -  displays the certificate, private key, and issuing chain on the screen.
- **Python** - displays a "Success" message and prints "Certificate: " \{and the certificate\},"Private Key: " \{and the private key\}, and then "Full Chain: " followed by the issuing chain.
- **Java** - Displays "--Certificate--" followed by the certificate, "--Chain of trust--" followed by the issuing chain, and "--Private Key--" followed by the private key.



