products/scm/docs/home.mdx, before:

---
id: home
title: Welcome to Strata Cloud Manager
description: Strata Cloud Manager introduction
hide_title: false
hide_table_of_contents: false
keywords:
  - Strata Cloud Manager
  - scm
---

Strata Cloud Manager offers a [suite of cloud-delivered products](https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/strata-cloud-manager)
that provide network configuration and network
security services. This suite of software offers network security for an enterprise's users, no
matter where they might be physically located, be it in the office or from a remote location.

The Prisma SASE APIs described here are intended to enable automation and integration solutions for
Prisma SASE products and services.

Currently, Prisma SASE offers the following APIs:

- [Tenancy Service](/scm/api/tenancy/tenancy-api)
- [Identity and Access Management Service](/scm/api/iam/iam-api)
- [Authentication Service](/scm/api/auth/auth-api)
- [Subscription Service](/scm/api/subscription/subscription-api)
- Platform Configuration
  - [SASE](/scm/api/config/sase/operations/config-operations/)
  - [NGFW](/scm/api/config/ngfw/operations/config-operations/)
  - [Cloud NGFW](/scm/api/config/cloudngfw/operations/config-operations/)
- [ZTNA Connector](/access/api/ztna/ztna-connector-apis/)
- [Prisma SD-WAN](/sdwan/docs)
- [Aggregate Monitoring](/scm/docs/mt-monitor)
- [Multitenant Notifications](/scm/api/mt-notifications)
- [Autonomous DEM](/access/docs/adem)
- [Prisma Access Insights](/access/docs/insights)

Most of these APIs use a common authentication mechanism and base URL. See [Get Started](/scm/docs/getstarted) for details.

Prisma Access Insights, however, uses different mechanisms for authentication and base URL. See the
[Prisma Access Insights API overview](/access/docs/insights) for more information.
The [legacy Prisma SD-WAN APIs](/sdwan/docs)
also use a different auth workflow and base URL than do the rest of the Prisma
SASE APIs.

The use of these APIs are governed by the Palo Alto Networks
[End User License](https://www.paloaltonetworks.com/content/dam/pan/en_US/assets/pdf/legal/palo-alto-networks-end-user-license-agreement-eula.pdf).

Commit message:

Replaced some Prisma SASE references with Strata Cloud Manager

products/scm/docs/home.mdx, after:

---
id: home
title: Welcome to Strata Cloud Manager
description: Strata Cloud Manager introduction
hide_title: false
hide_table_of_contents: false
keywords:
  - Strata Cloud Manager
  - scm
---

Strata Cloud Manager offers a [suite of cloud-delivered products](https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/strata-cloud-manager)
that provide network configuration and network
security services. This suite of software offers network security for an enterprise's users, no
matter where they might be physically located, be it in the office or from a remote location.

The Strata Cloud Manager APIs described here are intended to enable automation and integration solutions for
Strata Cloud Manager products and services.

Currently, Strata Cloud Manager offers the following APIs:

- [Tenancy Service](/scm/api/tenancy/tenancy-api)
- [Identity and Access Management Service](/scm/api/iam/iam-api)
- [Authentication Service](/scm/api/auth/auth-api)
- [Subscription Service](/scm/api/subscription/subscription-api)
- Platform Configuration
  - [SASE](/scm/api/config/sase/operations/config-operations/)
  - [NGFW](/scm/api/config/ngfw/operations/config-operations/)
  - [Cloud NGFW](/scm/api/config/cloudngfw/operations/config-operations/)
- [ZTNA Connector](/access/api/ztna/ztna-connector-apis/)
- [Prisma SD-WAN](/sdwan/docs)
- [Aggregate Monitoring](/scm/docs/mt-monitor)
- [Multitenant Notifications](/scm/api/mt-notifications)
- [Autonomous DEM](/access/docs/adem)
- [Prisma Access Insights](/access/docs/insights)

Most of these APIs use a common authentication mechanism and base URL. See [Get Started](/scm/docs/getstarted) for details.

Prisma Access Insights, however, uses different mechanisms for authentication and base URL. See the
[Prisma Access Insights API overview](/access/docs/insights) for more information.
The [legacy Prisma SD-WAN APIs](/sdwan/docs)
also use a different auth workflow and base URL than do the rest of the 
Strata Cloud Manager APIs.

The use of these APIs are governed by the Palo Alto Networks
[End User License](https://www.paloaltonetworks.com/content/dam/pan/en_US/assets/pdf/legal/palo-alto-networks-end-user-license-agreement-eula.pdf).
