---
id: threatapi
title: Threat Vault APIs
sidebar_label: Threat Vault API
slug: /threat-vault/api
keywords:
  - PAN-OS
  - Reference
  - Threat Vault
  - API
---

The Threat Vault API provides Palo Alto Networks customers with an active [Advanced Threat Prevention](https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/pan-os/10-2/pan-os-admin/threat-prevention/about-threat-prevention/advanced-threat-prevention) or [Threat Prevention](https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/pan-os/10-2/pan-os-admin/threat-prevention/about-threat-prevention) subscription with the ability to access threat signature metadata and other pertinent information that's only available in Threat Vault, through a programmatic RESTful API.

Before using the Threat Vault API, please refer to [Cloud-Delivered Security Services API Developer's docs](/cdss/threat-vault/docs/) for more information about using the API, including authentication details, access limits, and examples.

Things to consider:

- To make Advanced | Threat Prevention API GET/POST requests, you must [retrieve your Threat Vault API key](/cdss/threat-vault/docs/authentication), which is used to authenticate API calls. An organization (and corresponding superuser) can have a single API key at any given time, regardless of the number of users tied to the account.
- You must have an activated and unexpired Advanced | Threat Prevention security subscription to access a Threat Vault API key.
- The [ATP endpoints](/cdss/threat-vault/api/advanced-threat-prevention) retrieve data that is generated by features that are only available with an Advanced Threat Prevention subscription. Attempts to retrieve ATP-sourced content with only a Threat Prevention subscription will not return any results; however, the API request will consume your organization's daily allotment of calls.
- Attempting to view an unauthorized report ID (IDs that refer to reports outside of your organization) will not return any results.
- The number of API requests that can be submitted is throttled on a per API key basis. To control the number of requests you can make, you need to observe [Threat Vault API Access Limits](/cdss/threat-vault/docs/access-limits/threat-vault).
